= Love

This library accesses the Tender REST API. It is my ode to and thanks for the tender 
lovemaking Aaron Patterson is doing on ActiveRecord.

It is currently read-only, and made especially for scripts that import data from 
Tender to use in your own application. Feel free to fork and add missing API calls.

== Why?

I previously used HTTParty to connect to the Tender API, but I ran into two issues:

* HTTParty's JSON decoding is really slow, and resulted in "stack level too deep" 
  exceptions. Love uses yajl to decode JSON instead.
* Because Tender does not check or convert the encoding of email messages that they 
  receive, invalid UTF-8 characters can get into the system, which will break Ruby
  1.9. Love handles character encoding manually, and will replace all the invalid 
  UTF-8 characters by the UTF "unknown character" character.
* I had to handle paging manually to get all data. Love will automatically
  send multiple requests to get all the pages to iterate over all the available
  objects.

== Installation

Run <tt>gem install love</tt> or add <tt>gem 'love'</tt> to your Gemfile.

== Usage

    require 'love'
    tender = Love.connect('account', 'api_key')
    
    # Loop over all discussions:
    tender.each_discussion do |discussion|
      # your awesome stuff here
    end
    
    # Also available:
    tender.each_users { |c| ... }
    tender.each_queue { |q| ... }
    tender.each_category { |c| ... }
    
== About

This library is Written by Willem van Bergen for Shopify, and is MIT licensed.

